Until now we got this basic directive which simply changes the background color to green, now it would be
nice to let the user determine the background color.
Therefore as a new step, I'm going to comment out the old code here,
I will still set the style of this element,
I will still set the background color but I want to set it to binding.value.
Now binding is the information about our directive binding,
so about this code here
and value is whatever we enter between the quotation marks when passing it with the equal sign.
So here this shall be a string since
well we need to set it up as a string
and here we could set this to red. And once I do this and I save this, we already see that it now has
a red background
because again, whatever we enter here between the quotation marks is the value of the binding and we
do use the value binding here
when I set the background color. So that quickly improved our directive, by now making it much more flexible
because now we are able to set the value from outside.